<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [cmyk2hex][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
-   [cmyk2rgb][3]
    -   [Parameters][4]
-   [cmykToRgba][5]
    -   [Parameters][6]
-   [cmyk2hsl][7]
    -   [Parameters][8]
-   [cmykToHsla][9]
    -   [Parameters][10]
-   [colorToCmyk][11]
    -   [Parameters][12]
-   [cmykString2Object][13]
    -   [Parameters][14]
-   [color2string][15]
    -   [Parameters][16]
-   [color2cssString][17]
    -   [Parameters][18]
-   [hex2rgbOrRgba][19]
    -   [Parameters][20]
-   [hexToRgb][21]
    -   [Parameters][22]
-   [hex2rgba][23]
    -   [Parameters][24]
-   [hex2hexWithAlpha][25]
    -   [Parameters][26]
-   [hex2cmyk][27]
    -   [Parameters][28]
-   [hex2hsl][29]
    -   [Parameters][30]
-   [hexToHsla][31]
    -   [Parameters][32]
-   [shortToLongHex][33]
    -   [Parameters][34]
-   [colorToHex][35]
    -   [Parameters][36]
-   [hsl2hex][37]
    -   [Parameters][38]
-   [hsl2rgb][39]
    -   [Parameters][40]
-   [hslToRgba][41]
    -   [Parameters][42]
-   [hsl2cmyk][43]
    -   [Parameters][44]
-   [hslToHsla][45]
    -   [Parameters][46]
-   [colorToHsl][47]
    -   [Parameters][48]
-   [hslString2Object][49]
    -   [Parameters][50]
-   [hslaToHex][51]
    -   [Parameters][52]
-   [hslaToRgb][53]
    -   [Parameters][54]
-   [hslaToRgba][55]
    -   [Parameters][56]
-   [hslaToHsl][57]
    -   [Parameters][58]
-   [hslaToCmyk][59]
    -   [Parameters][60]
-   [colorToHsla][61]
    -   [Parameters][62]
-   [hslaStringToObject][63]
    -   [Parameters][64]
-   [rgb2hex][65]
    -   [Parameters][66]
-   [rgb2cmyk][67]
    -   [Parameters][68]
-   [rgb2hsl][69]
    -   [Parameters][70]
-   [rgb2rgba][71]
    -   [Parameters][72]
-   [rgbToHsla][73]
    -   [Parameters][74]
-   [color2rgb][75]
    -   [Parameters][76]
-   [rgbString2Object][77]
    -   [Parameters][78]
-   [rgbaToHex][79]
    -   [Parameters][80]
-   [rgba2rgb][81]
    -   [Parameters][82]
-   [rgbaToCmyk][83]
    -   [Parameters][84]
-   [rgbaToHsl][85]
    -   [Parameters][86]
-   [rgbaToHsla][87]
    -   [Parameters][88]
-   [colorToRgba][89]
    -   [Parameters][90]
-   [rgbaString2Object][91]
    -   [Parameters][92]
-   [name][93]
    -   [Parameters][94]
-   [distance][95]
    -   [Parameters][96]
-   [euclideanRgbDistance][97]
    -   [Parameters][98]
-   [mix][99]
    -   [Parameters][100]
-   [weightedRgb][101]
    -   [Parameters][102]
-   [getWeights][103]
    -   [Parameters][104]
-   [checkWeights][105]
    -   [Parameters][106]
-   [isHex][107]
    -   [Parameters][108]
-   [isRgb][109]
    -   [Parameters][110]
-   [isRgba][111]
    -   [Parameters][112]
-   [isCmyk][113]
    -   [Parameters][114]
-   [isHsl][115]
    -   [Parameters][116]
-   [isHsla][117]
    -   [Parameters][118]
-   [isColor][119]
    -   [Parameters][120]
-   [HEX][121]
-   [RGB][122]
    -   [r][123]
    -   [g][124]
    -   [b][125]
-   [RGBA][126]
    -   [r][127]
    -   [g][128]
    -   [b][129]
    -   [a][130]
-   [CMYK][131]
    -   [c][132]
    -   [m][133]
    -   [y][134]
    -   [k][135]
-   [HSL][136]
    -   [h][137]
    -   [s][138]
    -   [l][139]
-   [HSLA][140]
    -   [h][141]
    -   [s][142]
    -   [l][143]
    -   [a][144]
-   [Color][145]
-   [ColorFormat][146]
-   [ColorName][147]

## cmyk2hex

Convert a cmyk color to a hex.

### Parameters

-   `cmyk` **[CMYK][148]** color to convert to hex

Returns **[HEX][149]** hex color

## cmyk2rgb

Convert a cmyk color to a rgb.

### Parameters

-   `cmyk` **[CMYK][148]** color to convert to rgb

Returns **[RGB][150]** rgb object

## cmykToRgba

Convert a cmyk color to a rgba.

### Parameters

-   `cmyk` **[CMYK][148]** color to convert to rgba
-   `alpha`  opacity value in range [0, 1] (optional, default `1`)

Returns **[RGBA][151]** rgba object

## cmyk2hsl

Convert a cmyk color to a hsl.

### Parameters

-   `cmyk` **[CMYK][148]** color to convert to hsl

Returns **[HSL][152]** hsl object

## cmykToHsla

Convert a cmyk color to a hsla.

### Parameters

-   `cmyk` **[CMYK][148]** color to convert to hsla
-   `alpha`  opacity value in range [0, 1] (optional, default `1`)

Returns **[HSLA][153]** hsla object

## colorToCmyk

Convert a generic color to cmyk.

### Parameters

-   `color` **[Color][154]** color to convert to cmyk

Returns **[CMYK][148]** cmyk color object

## cmykString2Object

Covert a string in these two formats to a cmyk object:

-   0, 50, 20, 100 (short format) -> {c: 0, m: 50, y: 20, k: 100}
-   cmyk(0, 50, 20, 100) (long format) -> {c: 0, m: 50, y: 20, k: 100}.

### Parameters

-   `cmykString` **[string][155]** string to convert to cmyk

Returns **[CMYK][148]** cmyk object

## color2string

Convert a color to a string format.

### Parameters

-   `color` **[Color][154]** color to convert to string

Returns **[string][155]** string representing the color

## color2cssString

Convert a color to a string format usable in CSS.

### Parameters

-   `color` **[Color][154]** color to convert to string

Returns **[string][155]** string representing the color

## hex2rgbOrRgba

Convert a hex to a rgb or rgba color (depends on hex format).

### Parameters

-   `hex` **[HEX][149]** color to convert to rgb or rgba

Returns **([RGB][150] \| [RGBA][151])** rgb or rgba object

## hexToRgb

Convert a hex to a rgb color, if hex color has opacity, it will be lost.

### Parameters

-   `hex` **[HEX][149]** color to convert to rgb

Returns **[RGB][150]** rgb object

## hex2rgba

Convert a hex to a rgba object, by default alpha is 1.

### Parameters

-   `hex` **[HEX][149]** color to convert to rgba
-   `alpha`  opacity value in range [0, 1] (optional, default `1`)

Returns **[RGBA][151]** rbga color

## hex2hexWithAlpha

Convert a hex to another hex with the given alpha.

### Parameters

-   `hex` **[HEX][149]** original hex
-   `alpha`  opacity value in range [0, 1] (optional, default `1`)

Returns **[HEX][149]** hex color with opacity

## hex2cmyk

Convert a hex to a cmyk. It ignores opacity because cmyk doens't support it.

### Parameters

-   `hex` **[HEX][149]** color to convert to cmyk

Returns **[CMYK][148]** cmyk color object

## hex2hsl

Convert a hex color string to a hsl object. It ignores opacity.

### Parameters

-   `hex` **[HEX][149]** color to convert to hsl

Returns **[HSL][152]** hsl color object

## hexToHsla

Convert a hex color string to a hsla object.
Hex can have opacity or not, if not you can use the alpha parameter.
If hex has opacity and alpha != undefined, then the returned alpha value is the hex related one.

### Parameters

-   `hex` **[HEX][149]** color to convert to hsla
-   `alpha`  opacity value in range [0, 1] (optional, default `1`)

Returns **[HSLA][153]** hsla color object

## shortToLongHex

Expand the 3-digit hexadecimal form to the 6-digit form doubling each digit.
For example #09C becomes #0099CC and #09CA becomes #0099CCAA.
If hex is in the long format, return it.

### Parameters

-   `hex` **[HEX][149]** in the short form

Returns **[HEX][149]** hex in the long form

## colorToHex

Convert a generic color to hex string.

### Parameters

-   `color` **[Color][154]** color to convert to hex

Returns **[HEX][149]** hex string

## hsl2hex

Convert a hsl object to hex.

### Parameters

-   `hsl` **[HSL][152]** color to convert to hex

Returns **[HEX][149]** hex color

## hsl2rgb

Convert a hsl object to rgb color object.

### Parameters

-   `hsl` **[HSL][152]** color to convert to rgb color object

Returns **[RGB][150]** rgb color object

## hslToRgba

Convert a hsl object to rgba.

### Parameters

-   `hsl` **[HSL][152]** color to convert to rgba
-   `alpha`  opacity value in [0, 1] (optional, default `1`)

Returns **[RGBA][151]** rgba object

## hsl2cmyk

Convert a hsl object to cmyk.

### Parameters

-   `hsl` **[HSL][152]** color to convert to cmyk

Returns **[CMYK][148]** cmyk object

## hslToHsla

Convert a hsl object to hsla.

### Parameters

-   `hsl` **[HSL][152]** color to convert to hsla
-   `alpha`  opacity value in range [0, 1] (optional, default `1`)

Returns **[HSLA][153]** hsla object

## colorToHsl

Convert a generic color to hsl.

### Parameters

-   `color` **[Color][154]** color to convert to hsl

Returns **[HSL][152]** hsl color object

## hslString2Object

Covert a string in these two formats to a hsl object:

-   322, 79%, 52% (short format) -> { h: 322, s: 79, l: 52 }
-   hsl(322, 79%, 52%) (long format) -> { h: 322, s: 79, l: 52 }.

### Parameters

-   `hslString` **[string][155]** 
-   `hsl`  string to convert to hsl object

Returns **[HSL][152]** hsl object

## hslaToHex

Convert a hsla object to hex long format #RRGGBBAA.

### Parameters

-   `hsla` **[HSLA][153]** color to convert to hex

Returns **[HEX][149]** hex color string

## hslaToRgb

Convert a hsla object to and rgb color object.

### Parameters

-   `hsla` **[HSLA][153]** color to convert to rgba

Returns **[RGB][150]** rgb color object

## hslaToRgba

Convert a hsla object to and rgba color object.

### Parameters

-   `hsla` **[HSLA][153]** color to convert to rgba

Returns **[RGBA][151]** rgba color object

## hslaToHsl

Convert a hsla object to and hsl color object.

### Parameters

-   `hsla` **[HSLA][153]** color to convert to hsl

Returns **[HSL][152]** hsl color object

## hslaToCmyk

Convert a hsla object to and cmyk color object.
It ignores opacity because cmyk doens't support it.

### Parameters

-   `hsla` **[HSLA][153]** color to convert to cmyk

Returns **[CMYK][148]** cmyk color object

## colorToHsla

Convert a generic color to hsla.

### Parameters

-   `color` **[Color][154]** color to convert to hsla

Returns **[HSLA][153]** hsla color object

## hslaStringToObject

Covert a string in these two formats to a hsla object:

-   322, 79%, 52%, 0.5 (short format) -> { h: 322, s: 79, l: 52, a: 0.5 }
-   hsls(322, 79%, 52%, 0.5) (long format) -> { h: 322, s: 79, l: 52, a: 0.5 }.

### Parameters

-   `hslaString` **[string][155]** 
-   `hsls`  string to convert to hsla object

Returns **[HSLA][153]** hsla object

## rgb2hex

Convert an rgb object to hex.

### Parameters

-   `rgb` **[RGB][150]** color object to convert to hex

Returns **[HEX][149]** hex color

## rgb2cmyk

Convert a rgb object to a cmyk object.

### Parameters

-   `rgb` **[RGB][150]** color object to convert to cmyk

Returns **[CMYK][148]** cmyk color

## rgb2hsl

Convert a rgb object to hsl object.

### Parameters

-   `rgb` **[RGB][150]** color to convert to HSL

Returns **[HSL][152]** hsl color object

## rgb2rgba

Convert an rgb color to a rgba color.

### Parameters

-   `rgb` **[RGB][150]** color to convert to rgba
-   `alpha`  opacity value in range [0, 1] (optional, default `1`)

Returns **[RGBA][151]** rgba color object

## rgbToHsla

Convert a rgb color object to a hsla object.

### Parameters

-   `rgb` **[RGB][150]** color object to convert to hsla
-   `alpha`  opacity value in range [0, 1] (optional, default `1`)

Returns **[HSLA][153]** hsla color object

## color2rgb

Convert a generic color to rgb.

### Parameters

-   `color` **[Color][154]** color to convert to rgb

Returns **[RGB][150]** rgb color object

## rgbString2Object

Convert a string in these two formats to a rgb object:

-   255, 0, 255 (short format) -> {r: 255, g: 0, b: 255}
-   rgb(255, 0, 255) (long format) -> {r: 255, g: 0, b: 255}.

### Parameters

-   `rgbString` **[string][155]** rgb string color to convert to rgb

Returns **[RGB][150]** rgb color object

## rgbaToHex

Convert a rgba color object to a hex color.

### Parameters

-   `rgba` **[RGBA][151]** color to convert to hex

Returns **[HEX][149]** hex color

## rgba2rgb

Convert a rgba color object to a rgb color removing the alpha value.

### Parameters

-   `rgba` **[RGBA][151]** color to convert to rgb

Returns **[RGB][150]** rgb color object

## rgbaToCmyk

Convert a rgba color object to a cmyk color object.
It ignores opacity because cmyk doens't support it.

### Parameters

-   `rgba` **[RGBA][151]** color to convert to cmyk

Returns **[CMYK][148]** cmyk color object

## rgbaToHsl

Convert a rgba color object to a hsl color object removing the alpha value.

### Parameters

-   `rgba` **[RGBA][151]** color to convert to hsl

Returns **[HSL][152]** hsl color object

## rgbaToHsla

Convert a rgba color object to a hsla color object.

### Parameters

-   `rgba` **[RGBA][151]** color to convert to hsla

Returns **[HSLA][153]** hsla color object

## colorToRgba

Convert a generic color to rgba.

### Parameters

-   `color` **[Color][154]** color to convert to rgba

Returns **[RGBA][151]** rgba color object

## rgbaString2Object

Covert a string in these two formats to a rgba object:

-   255, 0, 255, 0.5 (short format) -> {r: 255, g: 0, b: 255, a: 0.5}
-   rgba(255, 0, 255, 0.5) (long format) -> {r: 255, g: 0, b: 255, a: 0.5}.

### Parameters

-   `rgbaString` **[string][155]** rgba string

Returns **[RGBA][151]** rgba object

## name

Return the name of the color passed in input.

### Parameters

-   `color` **[Color][154]** colr to be named

Returns **[string][155]** color name

## distance

Return the Euclidean distance between two colors.

### Parameters

-   `color1` **[Color][154]** first color
-   `color2` **[Color][154]** second color

Returns **[number][156]** Euclidean distance between two colors

## euclideanRgbDistance

Compute the Euclidean distance between two rgb colors, defined as the following:
  distance = sqrt((r₁ - r₂)² + (g₁ - g₂)² + (b₁ - b₂)²)
The minimum distance is zero (the difference between the same color),
The maximum distance is ≈ 441.67 between black and white.

### Parameters

-   `color1` **[RGB][150]** first rgb color
-   `color2` **[RGB][150]** second rgb color

Returns **[number][156]** numeric value in [0, ≈ 441.67] that represents the Euclidean difference between two rgb colors

## mix

Mix two or more colors based on their weights.
Given [c1, c2, c3, ...] and [w1, w2, w3, ...], it returns:
  mixedCol = {
     r: sqrt(r1^2 _ w1 + r2^2 _ w2 + r3^2 _ w3 + ...)
     g: sqrt(g1^2 _ w1 + g2^2 _ w2 + g3^2 _ w3 + ...)
     b: sqrt(b1^2 _ w1 + b2^2 _ w2 + b3^2 \* w3 + ...)
  }

### Parameters

-   `colors` **[Array][157]&lt;[Color][154]>** array of Colors
-   `weights` **[Array][157]&lt;[number][156]>?** array of weights

Returns **[RGB][150]** RGB object

## weightedRgb

Weigh each color component (r, g, b) of the color.

### Parameters

-   `rgb` **[RGB][150]** color to be weighted
-   `weight` **[number][156]** weight value

Returns **any** weighted rgb color

## getWeights

If weights array is not undefined, checks that its ok (sum must be 1 and colors and weights must the of the same lenght) and returns it.
If weight is undefined, fill it with the default values (1 / colors.lenght) and returns it.

### Parameters

-   `colors` **[Array][157]&lt;[Color][154]>** array of colors
-   `weights` **[Array][157]&lt;[number][156]>?** array of weights

Returns **[Array][157]&lt;[number][156]>** array of weights.

## checkWeights

Check that the sum of weights is 1 and that colors and weights have the same lenght.

### Parameters

-   `colors` **[Array][157]&lt;[Color][154]>** array of colors
-   `weights` **[Array][157]&lt;[number][156]>** array of weights

Returns **any** true if the sum of weights is 1 and if colors and weights have the same lenght, false otherwise

## isHex

Accept:

-   \#RRGGBB[AA] \(6/8-digit, long form)
-   \#RGB[A] \(3/4-digit, short form)
    where R, G, B, A are in [0-9a-fA-F].

### Parameters

-   `color` **any** color to check if it is in the right hex format

Returns **any** true if color is in the right hex format, false otherwise

## isRgb

Accept an object like this {r, g, b} with r, b, g numeric values in [0, 255].

### Parameters

-   `color` **any** color to check if it is in the right rgb format

Returns **any** true if color is in the right rgb format, false otherwise

## isRgba

Accept an object like this {r, g, b, a} with r, g, b numeric values in [0, 255] and a in [0, 1].

### Parameters

-   `color` **any** color to check if it is in the right rgba format

Returns **any** true if color is in the right rgba format, false otherwise

## isCmyk

Accept an object like this {c, m, y, k} with c, m, y, k numeric values in [0, 100].

### Parameters

-   `color` **any** color to check if it is in the right cmyk format

Returns **any** true if color is in the right cmyk format, false otherwise

## isHsl

Accept hsl colors with:

-   h (hue): [0-359]°
-   s (saturation): [0-100]%
-   l (lightness): [0-100]%.

### Parameters

-   `color` **any** color to check if it is in the right hsl format

Returns **any** true if color is in the right hsl format, false otherwise

## isHsla

Accept hsla colors with:

-   h (hue): [0-359]°
-   s (saturation): [0-100]%
-   l (lightness): [0-100]%.
-   a (alpha): [0-1].

### Parameters

-   `color` **any** color to check if it is in the right hsla format

Returns **any** true if color is in the right hsla format, false otherwise

## isColor

Return true if color is hex, rgb, rgba, cmyk, hls or hsla, false otherwise

### Parameters

-   `color` **any** color to check if it is in the right Color format

Returns **any** true if color is in the right Color format, false otherwise

## HEX

Hex type, basically a string.

Type: [string][155]

## RGB

Rgb interface.

### r

red

Type: [number][156]

### g

green

Type: [number][156]

### b

blue

Type: [number][156]

## RGBA

Rgba interface.

### r

red

Type: [number][156]

### g

green

Type: [number][156]

### b

blue

Type: [number][156]

### a

alpha

Type: [number][156]

## CMYK

Cmyk interface.

### c

cyan

Type: [number][156]

### m

magenta

Type: [number][156]

### y

yellow

Type: [number][156]

### k

key (black)

Type: [number][156]

## HSL

Hsl interface.

### h

hue

Type: [number][156]

### s

saturation

Type: [number][156]

### l

lightness

Type: [number][156]

## HSLA

Hsla interface.

### h

hue

Type: [number][156]

### s

saturation

Type: [number][156]

### l

lightness

Type: [number][156]

### a

alpha

Type: [number][156]

## Color

Color type. A color should be HEX, RGB, RGBA, CMYK, HSL or HSLA.

Type: ([HEX][149] \| [RGB][150] \| [RGBA][151] \| [CMYK][148] \| [HSL][152] \| [HSLA][153])

## ColorFormat

ColorFormat type. A color format should be 'hex', 'rgb', 'rgba', 'cmyk', 'hsl' or 'hsla'.

Type: (`"hex"` \| `"rgb"` \| `"rgba"` \| `"cmyk"` \| `"hsl"` \| `"hsla"`)

## ColorName

ColorName interface.

[1]: #cmyk2hex

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #cmyk2rgb

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #cmyktorgba

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #cmyk2hsl

[8]: #parameters-3

[9]: #cmyktohsla

[10]: #parameters-4

[11]: #colortocmyk

[12]: #parameters-5

[13]: #cmykstring2object

[14]: #parameters-6

[15]: #color2string

[16]: #parameters-7

[17]: #color2cssstring

[18]: #parameters-8

[19]: #hex2rgborrgba

[20]: #parameters-9

[21]: #hextorgb

[22]: #parameters-10

[23]: #hex2rgba

[24]: #parameters-11

[25]: #hex2hexwithalpha

[26]: #parameters-12

[27]: #hex2cmyk

[28]: #parameters-13

[29]: #hex2hsl

[30]: #parameters-14

[31]: #hextohsla

[32]: #parameters-15

[33]: #shorttolonghex

[34]: #parameters-16

[35]: #colortohex

[36]: #parameters-17

[37]: #hsl2hex

[38]: #parameters-18

[39]: #hsl2rgb

[40]: #parameters-19

[41]: #hsltorgba

[42]: #parameters-20

[43]: #hsl2cmyk

[44]: #parameters-21

[45]: #hsltohsla

[46]: #parameters-22

[47]: #colortohsl

[48]: #parameters-23

[49]: #hslstring2object

[50]: #parameters-24

[51]: #hslatohex

[52]: #parameters-25

[53]: #hslatorgb

[54]: #parameters-26

[55]: #hslatorgba

[56]: #parameters-27

[57]: #hslatohsl

[58]: #parameters-28

[59]: #hslatocmyk

[60]: #parameters-29

[61]: #colortohsla

[62]: #parameters-30

[63]: #hslastringtoobject

[64]: #parameters-31

[65]: #rgb2hex

[66]: #parameters-32

[67]: #rgb2cmyk

[68]: #parameters-33

[69]: #rgb2hsl

[70]: #parameters-34

[71]: #rgb2rgba

[72]: #parameters-35

[73]: #rgbtohsla

[74]: #parameters-36

[75]: #color2rgb

[76]: #parameters-37

[77]: #rgbstring2object

[78]: #parameters-38

[79]: #rgbatohex

[80]: #parameters-39

[81]: #rgba2rgb

[82]: #parameters-40

[83]: #rgbatocmyk

[84]: #parameters-41

[85]: #rgbatohsl

[86]: #parameters-42

[87]: #rgbatohsla

[88]: #parameters-43

[89]: #colortorgba

[90]: #parameters-44

[91]: #rgbastring2object

[92]: #parameters-45

[93]: #name

[94]: #parameters-46

[95]: #distance

[96]: #parameters-47

[97]: #euclideanrgbdistance

[98]: #parameters-48

[99]: #mix

[100]: #parameters-49

[101]: #weightedrgb

[102]: #parameters-50

[103]: #getweights

[104]: #parameters-51

[105]: #checkweights

[106]: #parameters-52

[107]: #ishex

[108]: #parameters-53

[109]: #isrgb

[110]: #parameters-54

[111]: #isrgba

[112]: #parameters-55

[113]: #iscmyk

[114]: #parameters-56

[115]: #ishsl

[116]: #parameters-57

[117]: #ishsla

[118]: #parameters-58

[119]: #iscolor

[120]: #parameters-59

[121]: #hex

[122]: #rgb

[123]: #r

[124]: #g

[125]: #b

[126]: #rgba

[127]: #r-1

[128]: #g-1

[129]: #b-1

[130]: #a

[131]: #cmyk

[132]: #c

[133]: #m

[134]: #y

[135]: #k

[136]: #hsl

[137]: #h

[138]: #s

[139]: #l

[140]: #hsla

[141]: #h-1

[142]: #s-1

[143]: #l-1

[144]: #a-1

[145]: #color

[146]: #colorformat

[147]: #colorname

[148]: #cmyk

[149]: #hex

[150]: #rgb

[151]: #rgba

[152]: #hsl

[153]: #hsla

[154]: #color

[155]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[156]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[157]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
